Outstanding long-term contract opportunity! A well-known Financial Services Company is looking for a Java Developer in Insulin, Ns (Hybrid). Work with the brightest minds at one of the largest financial institutions in the world. This is long-term contract opportunity that includes a competitive benefit package! Our client has been around for over 150 years and is continuously innovation in today's digital age. If you want to work for a company that is not only a household name, but also truly cares about satisfying customers' financial needs and helping people succeed financially, apply today. Contract Duration: 12 Months Required Skills & Experience 10+ years of experience of Java - Versatile in Java and cloud environments. LinkedIn Profile required* Java 11/17 5+ years of experience Resentful Webservices 3 + years of experience Micro Services 3+ years of experience AKA integration 3-5 + years of experience Spring Cloud I/D: Decker, Kuberbetes Cloud Technologies: CF, Azure, Amazon, Google Cloud Must have Agile experience Able to develop stories and raise with the people being assigned the stories. Desired Skills & Experience Financial background A Up based degree Solution Architecture experience What You Will Be Doing Consult on complex initiatives with broad impact and large-scale planning for Software Engineering. Review and analyze complex multi-faceted, larger scale or longer-term Software Engineering challenges that require in-depth evaluation of multiple factors including intangible or unprecedented factors. Contribute to the resolution of complex and multi-faceted situations requiring solid understanding of the function, policies, procedures, and compliance requirements that meet deliverables. Strategically collaborate and consult with client personnel. Employers have access to artificial intelligence language tools (“A”) that help generate and enhance job descriptions and A may have been used to create this description. The position description has been reviewed for accuracy and Dice believes it to correctly reflect the job opportunity. Report this job Dice Id: 10105282 Position Id: 750029